# Centerpiece
A World of Warcraft Interface modification Addon

Centerpiece is the manifestation of my growth and experience as a both Computer Science student and a UI/UX Designer. While not my fanciest or most syntactically-complex project, it's the one that I feel the most attached to and have put the most effort into. It is a project written in LUA that modifies the basic user interface in the video game World of Warcraft (projects like this are usually referred to as 'Addons'). It is incredibly rewarding to be able to apply my academic knowledge in real world scenario, especially given that I had zero prior knowledge of LUA, so I was starting from square one. Outside of the coding and technical aspect of the project, it has also been thrilling to be able to share my work with other people by uploading my work to CurseForge, a popular website where people can download Addons. After all, I initially created Centerpiece because several of my friends loved the way I customized my user interface, so being able to tidy up and upload my work to share with other people is really important to me. Spending time creating a profile, changelog, description and updates for my Addon has been tricky but an engaging part of the process. Additionally, I've really enjoyed marketing the Addon by reaching out to friends and acquaintances, posting it in online forums, and working with smaller World of Warcraft content creators to promote my project. As of now, it has reached just over 150 downloads, and I am ecstatic about all the support. For more information on Centerpiece and its specifics, as well as a download and photos, visit my CurseForge page: https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/centerpiece/ 
